Apply feedback (#43)
cose-wg/draft-ietf-cose-merkle-tree-proofs: draft-ietf-cose-merkle-tree-proofs.md

Verifiable Data Structure (VDS):

: A data structure which supports one or more Verifiable Data Structure Parameters.
  This property describes an algorithm used to maintain a verifiable data structure, for example a binary merkle tree algorithm.

> Verifiable Data structure Parameters (VDP):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verifiable Data Structure Parameters (VDP):
```

Paul, no.

Reviewer 2: Can you explain why "VDP" is the proper acronym for "Verifiable Data [Ss]tructure Parameters" ?

Reviewer: Acronym symmetry, mainly. VDSP seem needless intuitive. But I am not dying on that hill. I felt this was long resolved.

Reviewer 3: It's consistently `Verifiable Data [Ss]tructure Proofs` now, e.g. https://github.com/cose-wg/draft-ietf-cose-merkle-tree-proofs/blob/main/draft-ietf-cose-merkle-tree-proofs.md#new-cose-header-parameters-param-list

This IANA registries is established under a Specification Required policy.

Expert reviewers should take into consideration the following points:

> - Experts should assign the next available positive integer for verifiable data structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Experts are advised to assign the next available positive integer for verifiable data structures.
```

This IANA registries is established under a Specification Required policy.

Expert reviewers should take into consideration the following points:

> - Experts should assign the next available negative integer for proof types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Experts are advised to assign the next available negative integer for proof types.
```

- Points assigned in this registry MUST have references that match the COSE Verifiable Data Structures registry.
It is not permissible to assign points in this registry, for which no Verifiable Data Structure entry exists.

# Acknowledgements {#Acknowledgements}

We would like to thank
Maik Riechert,
Jon Geater,

> Mike Jones,

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Michael B. Jones,
```

Too many people share my name, so I use this moniker professionally.  In person, of course, I'm just "Mike".
